[Doc enhancement][Addnote][1815255] (#3535)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md

# Developer preview manifest schema for Microsoft Teams

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Generally, should not start a topic with a note.

> > * For more information on the program and how you can join,see [Developer Preview](~/resources/dev-preview/developer-preview-intro.md).
> > * If you are not using the developer preview you should not be using this version of the manifest. See [Reference: Manifest schema for Microsoft Teams](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md) for the public version of the manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to enable developer preview, see [public developer preview for Microsoft Teams](~/resources/dev-preview/developer-preview-intro.md).

> [!NOTE]
> * If you aren't using developer preview features, use the [app manifest for GA features](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md) instead.
```
Edits for typo and clarify.

> > * App customization is not supported for sideloaded and LOB apps. You cannot test the feature by sideloading the app.

Reviewer: Suggest moving this under the `configurableProperties` section where it would be more in context with the feature. Also, see my previous comment clarifying if this feature is just for apps published to the Teams store.

Reviewer 2: Updated suggsetion.
